Update _index.md (#8705)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mobile/_index.md

Long-press on the app icon to surface a quick-action sheet of your top five [Frequently Viewed By Me][10] dashboards for iOS (measured by view count and recency) and your five most opened dashboards on mobile for Android. Press on a result to open the dashboard in-app.

## Search from Home Screen

{{< img src="mobile/iphone_search_doc.png" alt="Home Screen Search" style="width:40%;">}}

**iOS only**: Within iPhone Search, filter and search for the name of any desired dashboard. Press on a result to open the dashboard view directly on the mobile app, or press the “Search in App” button to open the search query in the in-app Dashboard List page.

## Shortcuts and Siri Suggestions

> **Android**: You can create shortcut icons for your dashboards. To create the shortcut, touch and hold the Datadog app icon, then lift your finger. If the app has shorcuts, it will surface a list. Touch and hold the desired shortcut, and drag and drop it to another location of your screen to create a unique shortcut icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Android**: Create shortcut icons for your dashboards by touching and holding the Datadog app icon, then lift your finger. If the app has shorcuts, it displays a list. Touch and hold the desired shortcut, then drag and drop it to another location on your screen to create a unique shortcut icon.
```

> **iOS**: You can create Siri Shortcuts for Datadog dashboards and monitors. To do so, create a shortcut through the Shortcuts App. For a shortcut to be available to create, you must first execute the desired action at least once in the app. For example, to create an “Open AWS Overview Dashboard” shortcut, you must first open the AWS Overview Dashboard in your mobile app at least once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**iOS**: Create Siri Shortcuts for Datadog dashboards and monitors through the Shortcuts App. For a shortcut to be available for creation, you must execute the desired action at least once in the app. For example, to create an “Open AWS Overview Dashboard” shortcut, open the AWS Overview Dashboard in your mobile app at least once.
```

{{< img src="mobile/shortcuts-final.png" alt="Shortcuts">}}

For more information on Siri Shortcuts and Suggestions, refer to the [Apple Siri Documentation][11].

## Handoff

> **iOS Only**: You can use Apple Handoff to continue your task across Apple devices. While in use, the icon of the Datadog mobile app will appear on your Mac at the left end of the Dock. Click on the icon to open your current dashboard or monitor on your Mac. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**iOS Only**: Use Apple Handoff to continue your task across Apple devices. While in use, the icon of the Datadog mobile app appears on your Mac at the left end of the Dock. Click on the icon to open your current dashboard or monitor on your Mac.
```

> For Handoff to work, each device must 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Handoff to work, each device must:
```

> * be signed in to iCloud with the same Apple ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Be signed in to iCloud with the same Apple ID
```

> * have Bluetooth turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have Bluetooth enabled
```

> * have Wi-Fi turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have Wi-Fi enabled
```

> * have Handoff turned on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have Handoff enabled
```
